char_server_ip: database
char_server_port: 3306
char_server_id: ragnarok
char_server_pw: ragnarok123
char_server_db: ragnarok

login_server_ip: database
login_server_port: 3306
login_server_id: ragnarok
login_server_pw: ragnarok123
login_server_db: ragnarok

ipban_db_ip: database
ipban_db_port: 3306
ipban_db_id: ragnarok
ipban_db_pw: ragnarok123
ipban_db_db: ragnarok

map_server_ip: database
map_server_port: 3306
map_server_id: ragnarok
map_server_pw: ragnarok123
map_server_db: ragnarok
// MySQL Web Server
web_server_ip: database
web_server_port: 3306
web_server_id: ragnarok
web_server_pw: ragnarok123
web_server_db: ragnarok

// MySQL Log database
log_db_ip: database
log_db_port: 3306
log_db_id: ragnarok
log_db_pw: ragnarok123
log_db_db: ragnarok